README.md, before:

# Notion to ICS

A SvelteKit-based site to export a Notion database to an ICS calendar, suitable for importing into Google Calendar.

## Configuring

For more information on the first 4 steps, see the [Notion docs](https://developers.notion.com/docs/getting-started).

1. Create a new Notion integration by visiting https://www.notion.so/my-integrations. We only need the "Read content" and "No user information" capabilities. This should be an internal integration.
2. Copy your internal integration token into `.env` as `NOTION_TOKEN`.
3. Share the database(s) you want with the integration by opening your database as a page, going to "Share", and selecting your integration.
4. Save your database's ID by copying the database URL and selecting the part between the slash and the question mark. The ID is 32 characters.
5. Configure a secret key (you can use `node -e "require('crypto').randomBytes(48, function(ex, buf) { console.log(buf.toString('base64')) });"` to generate one) in `.env` as `ACCESS_KEY`.
6. Update `src/lib/config.ts` for your database's properties. See the Notion docs for the [filter schema](https://developers.notion.com/reference/post-database-query#post-database-query-filter).
7. Build and deploy the site! Your calendar will be accessable at `/<database id>.ics?secret=<generated secret>`.

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

Before creating a production version of your app, install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs#adapters) for your target environment. Then:

```bash
npm run build
```

> You can preview the built app with `npm run preview`, regardless of whether you installed an adapter. This should _not_ be used to serve your app in production.

Commit message:

feat: emoji, description, url feat: config filter in JSON

README.md, after:

# Notion to ICS

A SvelteKit-based site to export a Notion database to an ICS calendar, suitable for importing into Google Calendar.

## Configuring

For more information on the first 4 steps, see the [Notion docs](https://developers.notion.com/docs/getting-started).

1. Create a new Notion integration by visiting https://www.notion.so/my-integrations. We only need the "Read content" and "No user information" capabilities. This should be an internal integration.
2. Copy your internal integration token into `.env` as `NOTION_TOKEN`.
3. Share the database(s) you want with the integration by opening your database as a page, going to "Share", and selecting your integration.
4. Save your database's ID by copying the database URL and selecting the part between the slash and the question mark. The ID is 32 characters.
5. Configure a secret key (you can use `node -e "require('crypto').randomBytes(48, function(ex, buf) { console.log(buf.toString('base64')) });"` to generate one) in `.env` as `ACCESS_KEY`.
6. Copy `config.example.json` to `config.json` with your database's properties. See the Notion docs for the [filter schema](https://developers.notion.com/reference/post-database-query#post-database-query-filter).
7. Build and deploy the site! Your calendar will be accessable at `/<database id>.ics?secret=<generated secret>`.

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

Before creating a production version of your app, install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs#adapters) for your target environment. Then:

```bash
npm run build
```

> You can preview the built app with `npm run preview`, regardless of whether you installed an adapter. This should _not_ be used to serve your app in production.
